ARC-2974 - Adjust Provider::search (#737)
up42/up42-py: CHANGELOG.md

For more information, see [UP42 Python package description](https://pypi.org/project/up42-py/).

## 2.2.0a33
**Apr 9, 2025**

> - Adjust `Provider::search` to allow `start_date` and `end_date`, combine them and add to payload as `datetime`, adjust test

Reviewer: Remove `adjust test` part from the changelog.

For more information, see [UP42 Python package description](https://pypi.org/project/up42-py/).

## 2.2.0a33
**Apr 9, 2025**

> - Adjust Provider::search to allow end_time and end_time, combine them and add to payload as datetime, adjust test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Adjust Provider::search to allow start_date and end_date, combine them and add to payload as datetime
```
